---
layout: post
title:  Test post setup"
date: 2020-12-23

---


# THIS IS A TEST POST

In recent weeks, COVID-19 has spread through the Pennsylvania prison system at an alarming rate. Large-scale testing has revealed the true extent of this outbreak; In the last week alone, the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections reported multiple spikes in new cases in the incarcerated persons population.  In addition to the rapid spread of COVID in PA prisons is another critical issue that we as data scientists find very troublesome. The Department of Corrections has shown gross negligence with the handling of sensitive coronavirus testing data.

Since the beginning of the pandemic, the DOC has provided our research team with a downloadable spreadsheet containing daily COVID-19 test totals. The spreadsheet, which seems to be updated by hand and is not clearly versioned, has served as our primary source of information on the spread of the coronavirus in PA prisons. This small act of cooperation from the DOC was a positive advance in our tracking of the virus, however our analysis of this shared data reveals significant data mismanagement. What we have found particularly disturbing are the time lags between data becoming visible on the [DOC Covid19 Dashboard](https://app.powerbigov.us/view?r=eyJrIjoiNWQ5YTQ4ZWUtY2NjMi00ZWRhLTgyNWQtYzAzNzc5NmYwMGIyIiwidCI6IjQxOGUyODQxLTAxMjgtNGRkNS05YjZjLTQ3ZmM1YTlhMWJkZSJ9) and when the spreadsheet is available and the number of occasions on which the have been significant discrepancies between these two data sources.
